README.md, before:

[<img src="https://github.com/AbduazizKayumov/Flashcard-Maker-Android/blob/master/art/get.png" width="128" height="37.6">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.piapps.flashcardpro)
[<img src="https://github.com/AbduazizKayumov/Flashcard-Maker-Android/blob/master/art/IzzyOnDroid.png" width="128" height="37.6">](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/index/apk/com.piapps.flashcardpro)

## Flashcard-Maker-Android

**Flashcard Maker** is a study app that helps to create flashcards.

Features:
1. Create, edit and study your flashcards
2. Full editable flashcards: text/background color, add image or labels
3. Flip and edit both sides of a flashcard
4. Study mode and Quiz modes
5. Statistics
6. Favorite flashcard sets
7. Sorted view of sets
8. Export/import flashcard sets as CSV files and share with your friends

The old version on Google Play:
[Flashcard Maker - Study Fast](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.piapps.flashcard)

This is a full re-write of the old version in Kotlin.
Feel free to send pull requests.

Commit message:

Add archival note
Added an archived section to indicate the project's status and purpose.

README.md, after:

## Archived
This project is no longer actively used or maintained and has been archived because it is no longer maintainable.
It remains available for historical purposes (capstone design project) and for any inspiration it may offer in flashcard design and learning animations.

## Flashcard-Maker-Android
[<img src="https://github.com/AbduazizKayumov/Flashcard-Maker-Android/blob/master/art/get.png" width="128" height="37.6">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.piapps.flashcardpro)
[<img src="https://github.com/AbduazizKayumov/Flashcard-Maker-Android/blob/master/art/IzzyOnDroid.png" width="128" height="37.6">](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/index/apk/com.piapps.flashcardpro)

**Flashcard Maker** is a study app that helps to create flashcards.

Features:
1. Create, edit and study your flashcards
2. Full editable flashcards: text/background color, add image or labels
3. Flip and edit both sides of a flashcard
4. Study mode and Quiz modes
5. Statistics
6. Favorite flashcard sets
7. Sorted view of sets
8. Export/import flashcard sets as CSV files and share with your friends

The old version on Google Play:
[Flashcard Maker - Study Fast](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.piapps.flashcard)

This is a full re-write of the old version in Kotlin.
Feel free to send pull requests.
